Good morning, family. How are y'all doing today? I'm here again with my wife, Diana. We're excited to be here as we have some things on our heart.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, I want you to talk to my people again about the refiner's fire, where they are, and how to get to the next level.'Many people think praying and reading the Bible gets them to the next level, but those are the fundamentals.
We use the fundamentals day-to-day. A professional athlete does the fundamentals that make him a champion in a major game like the World Series; without them, they'll never become a champion in the end game.
It's the day-to-day fundamentals that make you a champion.
The major test in life is the refiner's fire that takes us from glory to glory.
If you don't do the ABCs and 1-2-3s, you'll never pass the test.
I once went through a really hard time and thought, 'Where is the Lord?'I felt like everything was stripped away while going through a dark valley.
I cried myself to sleep many nights, not knowing I was being tested.
It was the refining fire. He is the potter, and we are the clay.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels so that the excellency of the power will be known of Him and not of us.
You need to understand it's Him in us. I'm just a person like you, but He will use you in the Kingdom if you yield to Him.
You have to be a vessel that's been tried. You will not walk in the greater glory and manifestations without being on the potter's wheel.
It's like when Lynne Hammond had a visitation. She spoke about a manifestation of Jesus where He gave her a song: 'Make me better, make me pure, by the fire that does refine.
Where the breath of God is sweeter, there His brightest glory shines.
Lift me high up to the mountain into fellowship with Thee, and in that light I'll see the fountain of the blood which cleanseth me.'I love that song; it came directly from Jesus, singing to her while she was going through a refining fire.
These are the fundamentals of life. The Lord showed me people are often tested every 20 years.
He showed me keys, dividing life into quarters. It was a beautiful revelation about how He tests us as we go from glory to glory.
We are growing every single day. When we reach those major tests, we often don't even realize it.
He told me, 'I test you all the time.'That shapes our character on the potter's wheel, molding us and putting us through the fire.
It's like refining gold and pulling out all the impurities. The more you work it, the purer the gold gets.
As vessels on the potter's wheel, God is making us into beautiful pieces of art for Him.
The more we realize it's about Him working in us, the more He can trust us. He is everything; I am a vessel chosen by God.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels so that the excellency of the power will be known of Him and not of us.
Amen. When we realize that, God will use and mold you further into that greater outpouring.
I asked Him how we get to the greater manifestations of healings and demonstrations, and He said, 'Brandon, it's going to come through the fundamentals and walking in love.
You've got to master the foundation of love better.'The comment section is often a test for me when dealing with people.
My son and wife tell me what's being said, and we're all growing together.
This has been a major change for us, like taking down all the false accounts claiming to be me, calling themselves 'Prophetic Biggs'and all these things.
I don't call myself a prophet; I'm a watchman. I pray and tell you what I hear and see.
I just want to tell you what the Lord said: come on YouTube and tell everyone He's coming.
I don't need a title; I just need you to hear that what I'm doing is telling you what He's told me to tell you.
Whether you receive it is up to you. Dealing with people these last few days has been a test.
Diana spent 24 hours straight taking those accounts down because they were using the platform the Lord gave me to solicit money for fake orphanages.
They were asking for crypto, pretending to be me and messaging people on WhatsApp.
It was awful, and I'm really tired today. It was rough seeing that.
Some accounts had tens of thousands of subscribers and millions of views.
Hopefully, some people were reached, but they're using it to take money from people.
It's very personal to me because we have a child with special needs.
To use children with special needs to solicit money is wrong. I'll never ask anyone for a dime.
The Lord said, 'Freely you've been given, freely you give out.'He said if I feed His people, they will take care of me.
I should never ask for anything, just give. I've done my best to warn you about the coming storms.
A great shaking and food shortages are coming; these are birthing pains.
Yesterday, I was praying over American Airlines and United Airlines.
I saw major planes in the sky and felt I should pray over the airlines.
I don't know why or if it's terrorist-related, but He said to pray.
I get these pieces—warnings about power outages and food shortages.
You could succumb to fear tactics, but we must stay focused.
They go in there and say, 'Hey, are you going to make a viral video? Talk about fear.'Boy, they sure like it.
I mean, we laugh about it—my son does—because it's like, why don't you all want to hear about the glory more than you want to hear about fear?
You have to shake that all off. God is a good God, a faithful God, and an anointed God.
He wants us to live exceedingly abundantly above all that we'd ask or think.
But I'm trying to tell you all, it's time to walk in victory about some things.
It's time to lay hands on the sick and see them recover, for us to be the light and the salt, and stop walking in fear. We don't need to be walking in fear.
I tell you these things not to walk in fear, but as a call to prayer to say, 'Hey, listen, this is sounding the alarm. Sound the alarm!
Look at all these things that are coming.'But it seems people are more into that than they are when you tell them, 'Hey, there's a glory coming.'In prayer at church tonight, we were hearing about Brother Hagin during the 1920s and some of the greats that I believe changed my life just by hearing some of the stories of what they did.
Pastor Chip was talking about how they would pray by just giving God praise during the Great Depression.
It's not the Great Tribulation yet, folks; during the Great Depression, they would pray and they never went without food.
They never went without food one time because they learned how to cultivate praise in their household. When praises go up, blessings come down.
So I want to teach you all that you've got to get into an atmosphere of thanksgiving and praise, being thankful for what the Lord has already provided in your life.
You may not feel like He's done anything in your life; you may look and go, 'Well, look at me and I don't have nothing.
I'm poor as Job's turkey.'But you can be thankful for something.
You start with that one thing and you be thankful all day long.
'God, I'm able to breathe. I took a breath today. My eyes—and you may be paralyzed—my eyes are moving.
I can move my eyes.'You may not be able to move anything else, but you can move your eyes.
Be thankful for any little thing, and I'm telling you, that's the key to the open door for the greater blessings. Being thankful. I'm talking to myself.
There's so much that I feel the Lord has done for us in the last two or three months, and yet I take time to complain about certain things.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, can't you be grateful about one thing?'And He'll correct me.
'Oh Lord, I'm sorry. Forgive me. You've given so much to me. I have food in my belly. I have a roof over my head.
My bills are paid.'You can give God praise for something, and when you do, blessings flow. The more you praise Him, the more blessings will flow.
And I'm telling you, whenever I heard Pastor Chip talk about the Great Depression and he was saying that Brother Hagin and them never went without food because they always praised him for the little things.
And for what I've seen coming—you think the Great Depression was bad in those storybooks—for what I have seen coming, folks, this is going to make the Great Depression look like a walk in the park because this generation doesn't understand how to even grow things in a garden.
They don't know how to do most things. They're so used to going through McDonald's and getting their little Happy Meal or whatever.
This is a different generation than it was 100 years ago. So, that's what I'm talking about.
You've got to learn now how to live by faith so that you're able to operate when things get rough.
You can't wait until things get rough and then start doing things and say, 'Well, we're going to start practicing it now.'Practice His presence today.
Practice Him today. And so, tell them about that time whenever you had groceries show up as a little girl.
Yeah. As a child, we grew up really poor. We lived in a car for a while.
My parents didn't take help from the government or anything, so we lived in a car for a while.
We ate ketchup packets for food—those free ketchup packets that you get out of McDonald's.
We ate those. We lived in the car. For how long, though? Oh, for probably at least a year.
Yeah, I remember I was really little, probably like four or five, maybe even younger.
Homeless. Yeah. And I remember one time we were in the car, me and my older sister.
We were sitting in the car and it was a hot summer day, and we were so hot.
And we saw this soda machine in front of us. I remember being so thirsty that I got out of the car. I said, 'Sister, let's go over there.
Let's see if we can find a quarter on the ground and maybe we can get a soda out of there.'So, we got out of the car and walked right up to that machine.
And I remember there were no quarters, but I pushed a button and a soda came out of it.
And my sister and I got so excited. It's imprinted in my brain forever.
We rejoiced about that. She pushed a button and another one came out.
Then I pushed another one and another one came out, and we loaded our arms full of sodas and they were cold.
It was the best thing ever. So see, God knows the desires of your heart and your needs.
It felt like a very spiritual day that day. We were so appreciative and thankful and we just rejoiced as little kids.
We were out there rejoicing, and we got enough for several Cokes for each of us.
Then we stopped and were like, 'Hey, let's just go back to the car and drink them.'And it was the best day.
It was the most refreshing soda I've ever had in my life. And it was one of those God moments and we just rejoiced at the little small things.
When we didn't have enough money to pay our electric bills as kids and they were turned off, and we didn't have food in our fridge, we would pray and we would have groceries show up on our doorstep.
Countless times, I just remember so many small miracles and us being so excited about everything.
It was just a lifestyle, you know? Even as a kid, we just got so excited about everything that the Lord did, big or small.
Christmas presents one time... we had Christmas presents show up. Somebody came and just showed up in the middle of the night.
We were sleeping on the floor somewhere—I vaguely remember it because I was so little—but I remember them showing up with Christmas presents, beautifully wrapped, just beautiful.
And I remember one of the best Christmases I ever had. And it wasn't even necessarily a whole lot of them.
It was just that we didn't have anything. So we were just so thankful and appreciative. Countless little things like that that I can remember.
And even going in the line, we would be sitting at a gas station and my dad would run out of gas all the time because we didn't have any money for anything.
I remember us barely making it to a gas station one time and then someone just would pay for our gas and they would say, 'You know what...'I feel like I'm supposed to pay for your gas today.
It was miracle after miracle. And you know, it doesn't have to be a big miracle to be a miracle.
It's that God is in everything. He's in the small things. He's in the big things.
And we were just being thankful for everything. It's beautiful. I love it.
There were so many times, even since we've been married, that we didn't have anything and we were trying to figure out how to pay our electric bill.
I told Diana, "We don't have enough money this month to pay our electric bill because it was summer and our electric was higher."When you're working for a church—we worked for a church—we made barely anything.
It was rough living on food stamps. I was a janitor there for a long time and we struggled.
There were times whenever we got paid every two weeks and we would have it all spent before we got it by borrowing on a credit card or whatever we could do to just make it.
Our bills took up our entire paycheck, so it would be already spent.
We already knew what that went to: trying to get therapy for Megan, trying to get her speech or whatever.
The government would only cover so much because it was expensive.
We thought, "Well, what are we going to do?"So we were so desperate to try to help Megan at that time, just trying to find any kind of alternative to help her to function more because we wanted her to live a normal life.
It was rough. We charged everything up. We were tens of thousands of dollars in credit card debt.
And back then, whenever you're making what we made, it looked like a mountain.
So, you had to file bankruptcy. You do everything you can to just get through because we didn't have food.
There would be times we'd be like, "Man, what are we going to do?"And so there was always grandma; she'd make you a meal or buy you a pizza or surprise you.
Things that God would put on her heart and she wouldn't even know.
We've never been a people to give a "ministry of hints"or say, "Hey, we're having a hard time,"because we believe by faith.
We're not going to go around talking about our problems to everybody and telling them how bad you've got it, because it's just like this: I try to tell y'all, pray in the spirit and don't let the devil see that he's made a move on you that's working, that you feel like it's beating you down.
Keep your head above water and give God praise for every little thing.
So I'd just sit on the couch just like I'm doing right now—and my son can testify to this because he'd get in there with us and Diana—and say, "God, I just want to say thank you that our water bill's paid tonight,"and I would spend my whole night giving God praise for the water bill.
"God, I thank you for the water bill."Anyway, it was only a $100 water bill or trash or whatever; it's not very much, but it was a lot to us. And we would take a seed and we would sow what we could.
And we didn't have a seed because the Bible says, "Give and it shall be given unto you; good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will it give unto your bosom."And it was required for us to tithe as staff.
And after you tithed, we didn't want to tithe because we were like, "We don't have enough money to eat, really."But it was required to tithe.
So we would believe by faith to get through to the next week after you tithed.
You'd think, "Man, even if it was $200 for tithe because we didn't make much,"you're thinking this is a lot because it would have paid the electric or maybe something.
But I trusted God and I would ask the Lord, "God, show me and give me a creative idea to get wealth."And that's where I always asked Him, "Father, you're going to have to take care of us."And He would always provide.
We always got through. I would sow a seed and I would use my faith.
I would sow a seed and it would provide for that need. He always took care of us.
And we got to the point where we started sowing a little bit more, a little bit more.
And I realized that the Lord started teaching me about good ground, because not all ground's going to produce.
Most people don't want to hear that. And a lot of people go, "Well, that's not biblical."No, no, no, no.
Some thirty, some sixty, and some hundredfold. And I'd always ask the Lord, "Show me where miracle good soil ground is.
Show Diana and I where amazing ground is, because God, I need a quick harvest like Miracle-Gro.
I need this seed to produce fast. I don't need it to be in the ground for weeks at a time and us receive six months or a year from now. I need it tomorrow.
I need a miracle tomorrow."And so I started just praying and asking Him, "Show me, Father,"and just praying in the spirit, "Show me, Father, I thank you, Lord, you show me good ground."So I would take $5 and I would believe by faith for that $5 to produce for my family.
I'd sow a dollar, sow $2. Whatever I had, I'd put in the offering envelope.
Whatever God told me, "Show me the good ground."I tested the ground, and I would make sure, and if it didn't produce real quick, we didn't give there again.
But if I started to see a quick return, I would go, "That's good ground, babe.
Let's do that again."So, we would sow intentionally and believe God for a harvest and say, "Lord, show us what to do because we need a blessing."But I've trusted God with all my heart, all my soul, all my mind, and all my strength.
And I lean not unto mine own understanding, but in all thy ways acknowledge Him, and He said He'd direct your path.
And that's what we did over and again. And there was a time when we didn't have enough money.
We got us a Jeep. We were so excited because we drove a long way because we had a cheap little rear house.
A shotgun rear house. It was bad. I look back and I go, "Lord, it was rough."Snakes came up through the floor, rotten mold.
We had cockroaches. It was awful. We lived there for a long, long time. And God provided.
And it was to the point where my son would wake up in the middle of the night and there'd be a massive black snake by his feet.
It would be a big old thick black snake curled up by his feet, coming up through the baseboards because our floor was so bad.
And we had mice. We had cockroaches. I had to put traps out all the time and clean up things.
The neighbors next door were a crack house and they had meth.
They were cooking meth so bad we couldn't open our windows up in the fall because they were cooking meth and the meth would blow into our house and it would smell so bad it would make you sick.
So you had to keep your windows shut because you couldn't keep them open.
And so one night I was praying, the Lord said, "Deal with this."And all of a sudden a massive explosion happened from the meth house.
I don't know if they were hurt or anything—I don't know—but they stopped cooking meth after that because the massive explosion took place next door.
God took care of that real quick and, bless their hearts, they need Jesus.
And then one night we had these cocaine dealers that were two doors down from there.
We had a drug raid—a massive drug raid in the middle of the night—and had all the FBI over.
It looked like Christmas out there with all the lights going.
My wife came out the front door, she said, "Oh my God! What's going on out there?"I said, "I don't know.
Shut the door quick!"because they were running across our front lawn with all their guns and everything, running and raiding these dudes with all their cocaine and drugs.
Man, it was bad, but God is faithful. It's not about the past; I'm just telling you where we come from.
We were praying for them to get saved. They went to jail for their salvation.
They needed help; they were strung out on drugs. They were big drug dealers, with meth on one side and crack on the other.
But God took care of us. We lived there for a long time—20 years. We lived by faith for 20 years. But God suddenly provided.
It took us sowing seed and believing God, sowing seed and believing God, but God provided.
I'm trying to tell you all it may not happen overnight, but if you keep on keeping on and you don't let go, and you stand when all there is to do is stand, for God is a faithful God.
He started giving Diana the idea about selling on eBay—a Holy Ghost idea.
One of those times whenever we didn't have enough money to make our bills, like the electric bill, we were going over our budget and he said, 'I just got laid off at the church because our pastor fell morally.'He said, 'This is what we have: $100 to last us for the next two weeks.'I didn't know what to do, so I took it to God in prayer and said, 'God, we need to stretch this.
I need ideas for how we can do this.'That's whenever He gave me the idea for selling on eBay.
I said, 'Let's take that $100 and go to a thrift store and we'll buy something like clothing, and I think the Lord's going to bless it.'He said, 'Yeah, let's do it.'So we went, and he sat in the car with the kids while I went in.
I had no idea what I was doing. I was a downer at that time; I told her this was never going to work. I said, 'What are you doing?
This is our last $100.'But I said, 'If you feel the Lord told you, I support you.'I went in and researched online what sells and what I thought the Lord was leading me to find.
I went down every aisle praying in the spirit. I said, 'Lord, I need your help to guide me so we can stretch this.'I was in there for about four hours.
I was in the car with Megan and I remember thinking she's never coming out. It was rough; Megan was really overcoming then.
I said, 'Lord, I have no idea what I'm doing, but I really feel you leading me to do this.'I filled my buggy, took it to the car, and showed Brandon.
I got a sheet out, laid the clothes on it, and took pictures with my phone.
I already had an eBay account from buying kids'clothes before.
I put them on there and did auctions, and within a week, we had enough to pay our electric bill and a little extra.
Between May and September, we made more than we had made working for the church.
I got laid off because the finances dried up at the church after the pastor fell morally. God made a way.
It flourished from there, and I eventually was able to quit my job at the church to homeschool because we had a lot going on with Megan.
It didn't happen overnight; it happened as you stand, sow, and believe.
God took an impossible situation and made all things possible.
I started praying in the spirit with her; I decided to join up with her instead of being divided.
The Lord started showing me things, using my prophetic gift.
I would see what was coming and say, 'Diana, at this thrift store, there is an Armani jacket that will pay for the rent.'She would find it and show it to me through the window while I sat in the car.
The Lord did exactly what He said He'd do. We've been doing it now for 12 years.
It's been fruitful because God is faithful. He gives you the power to get wealth.
It may not be eBay; you may be amazing at making cakes or lemonade.
We have a testimony about a woman who made lemonade and God's blessing her with vending trucks.
God gives creative ideas to get wealth. Be thankful for the little things.
I remember when I would get a bid for 99 cents, I'd say, 'Thank you, God.'When it grew more, I'd check it every morning and say, 'Praise God, look at the bid today!'But it's easy.
This is where it becomes dangerous when you start seeing a flow of finances or you start taking it for granted.
Never get comfortable with not giving God praise. Never get comfortable without saying thank you for what he has done because it's easy to take it for granted.
It's easy to look at it and say, "Oh, it's not a big deal anymore,"to expect it—no, it's just going to happen.
No, God is in everything. Every good thing comes from God. Always take the time to be thankful for everything you have.
You may be watching this right now and you're saying, "Man, I've got millions in the bank.
I live in the best neighborhood in Oklahoma. I live in Oak Tree."That's a big neighborhood in Oklahoma.
I live in Gaillardia; it's another big neighborhood in Oklahoma.
You've got all the money in the world. You have it all by the tail.
But you don't take time to thank God for what you do have, even if you're a multi-millionaire, because you become so accustomed to how you live.
I'm trying to tell you, if you are going to make it in the days ahead, you've got to learn how to have a cultivation of thanksgiving because I'm telling you, hard days are coming—more than what any of you multi-millionaires will ever think.
You think, "Well, I've got enough in the bank. I'm not going to lose it all."You're going to be broke that fast.
I've seen it. The Lord told me there's going to be a lot of you that will be broke within a day.
In a 24-hour timeframe, you're going to lose everything. Remember what I'm telling you.
You better be hearing the voice of God for yourself, listening to him on a day-to-day basis. Because if you don't, you're going to be in trouble.
You'll see the last will be first and the first will be last, and you'll be looking for handouts because you weren't thankful and you didn't hear God for what's going on and what's coming.
Take time daily at the feet of the Father, giving him praise and thanksgiving, and I'm telling you, you will lack no good thing.
He said, "Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers."But there are a lot of you who are not prosperous even in your souls.
You're lacking inside; you're lacking in relationship with him.
My son just told me we're at 37 minutes here. I hope this message blessed you today.
Diana and I were talking about things; we just get caught up. Let me pray for you all today.
Let's agree that all things are possible to him that believes.
Diana and I are going to believe for you—for your miracle, for your finances—to believe God for everything that you need and that nothing is impossible to him who believes.
Father, I just thank you for every single person who's watching this broadcast.
I thank you, Father, that every single one of them is the head and not the tail, and above and not beneath.
I thank you, Father, that no weapon formed against them is going to prosper.
We thank you, Lord, that we have authority over the devil and we take our seat.
We are grateful and thankful for everything that you provided for us. Lord, we give you the glory and all the honor.
We just say, "God, we want to take the time to thank you for all that you've provided for us."Thank you, God, for all the money, for the food, for whatever you've given us.
Even if it's just five dollars, we want to be grateful. Even if it's a hundred dollars, we are grateful.
Even for the millionaire that's watching, be grateful. Thank you, Lord, for how you've taken care of us. Thank you, God, for how much you've provided.
Thank you, Lord, for our electricity, water, gas, food, car payments, insurance payments—whatever it may be.
Lord, we want to give you praise. Thank you for the air that we breathe, for the sun that shines in the day, and for the moon that shines at night.
Thank you, Father, for the cold air and for the hot sun, for the beautiful fall and the beautiful summer, springs, and all the beautiful things that you provided for us on this earth.
We thank you, Father, for our children. There are some people that can't have them.
We thank you, Lord, that the people that can't have children in the natural will have children—that you will provide beautiful children for them.
Thank you, Father, for all that you provided in healing and wholeness and wellness.
They may have arthritis or be overcoming diabetes, but Father, there's something they can be thankful for.
Thank you, Lord, that their big toe doesn't hurt. Thank you, Lord, for the elbow that doesn't hurt.
Thank you, Lord, for the fingers. That's what you have to do.
Thank you, Father; you've been so good to us. Regardless of whatever it is, God, I thank you.
Thank you, Lord, for healing in everyone's body that's believing: for new stomachs, new gallbladders, new intestines—whatever they may need.
Thank you, Father, for all that you've provided. Lord, thank you that we have the mind of Christ according to Second Timothy 1:7.
God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and of a sound mind.
We give you praise and glory and honor for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
As we go into the fall months, you say, "I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread."We will never be begging bread because you always will provide for yours.
Lord, we give you praise and glory and honor for all that you've done and all that you continue to do.
In Jesus'name, amen. Well, we just want to say thank you all for joining us today. I hope this blessed you.
It was on my heart after what we heard at church to come on and tell you all this—they're right. We've got to live a thankful life.
You've got to live a praise-filled life, giving God praise for everything you have because it's important.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
We will see you all next time. God bless you all and I hope y'all have a wonderful day.